[DNS] Go-live updates (#3406)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/cache/src/content/how-to/purge-cache.md

### General workflow for cache-tags

1. Add tags to the `Cache-Tag HTTP` response header from your origin web server for your web content, such as pages, static assets, etc.

> 1. [Ensure your web traffic is proxied](https://developers.cloudflare.com/dns/zone-setups/full-setup#h_815d1b1e-74cf-4a5f-b477-e441a76ac3fd) through Cloudflare.

Author: ```suggestion
1. [Ensure your web traffic is proxied](https://developers.cloudflare.com/dns/manage-dns-records/reference/proxied-dns-records) through Cloudflare.
```
